>> A new hypothesis examines the
pivotal role transdimensional
intelligences have played
throughout history and may just
explain the true nature of
extraterrestrial contact.
>> What we wanted to do was get
to the bottom of exactly what
these intelligences were and
how they've affected human
civilization.
>> This is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the new book,
"Origins of the Gods,"
ancient history
researcher Andrew Collins,
along with co-author
Greg Little,
have presented a fascinating
look at the connection between
human consciousness and
otherworldly intelligences.
Drawing on hundreds of
thousands of years of history
and the latest understandings
of quantum science,
they suggest that
many UFOs are actually
transdimensional
intelligences that
manifest in plasma environments
and communicate with contactees
through quantum entanglement.
And the authors posit
this has been going on
since prehistoric times.
>> Ever since humanity arose in
Africa as much as two million
years ago, I suspect that
we have been influenced
by transdimensional
intelligences.
This is the true source
of the ancient aliens
and that those ancient
aliens may not simply
have come from other planets.
They may have come from a
realm coexisting with us
outside of normal physical
reality, which in string theory
is referred to as the bulk.
They have been drip feeding us
knowledge, wisdom, innovations,
and technologies
that has allowed
the rise of civilization.
>> Researchers suggest that
there are certain places around
the globe that have been
particularly conducive
to the appearance of these
transdimensional intelligences
often perceived as
lights and UFOs.
>> Encounters with UFOs are
more common in certain areas
of the globe than others.
And these are generally
places of intense geology;
places that have
prominent fault line
areas of particular minerals,
such as quartz or tourmaline,
which when put under pressure,
release electrons and create
electricity.
And I think that these
lights have been there
for hundreds of
thousands of years,
if not millions of years,
and that the ancients were
very much aware of the science.
>> One such important ancient
site is the Qesem Cave
in Israel.
It was in this
400,000 year old cave
that archeologists found
some of the earliest
evidence of shamanism in the
form of various artifacts
believed to be used to
enter into communion
with otherworldly beings.
>> These very same people as
early as 400,000 years ago were
developing a number of
innovations that were the first
for humanity.
Is it a coincidence that as all
this was happening these people
were virtually writing
the book on shamanism?
What I suspect the two are
linked, the first of shamanism
and these innovations and
technologies, the advancements
go hand in hand.
>> Another fascinating link
made by Collins is that
to a mountain close
to the Qesem Cave.
>> The Mount Garrison was
very important to the earliest
Israelites to enter
into the promised land.
So the patriarchs
and the prophets
all were associated
with this mountain.
This was the mountain of God.
This was his dwelling point.
It is said within the
literature of the people
that have lived on or by Mount
Garrison for thousands of years
and who are known
today as the Samaritans
that God appears there in
his form as the Shekhinah
as manifestations of
light, what we today
would refer to as UFOs.
We find that there is a very
intense geology associated
with Mount Garrison.
Directly beneath it are a number
of prominent faults or fault
lines.
And the amount of pressure
that put on those, I suspect
is creating the right electronic
or electromagnetic environments
to generate these UFOs
that will appear there.
>> To Andrew and his colleagues,
these connections are more than
just coincidences.
They are testament to the
interconnection between humans
and otherworldly beings.
One that has since
prehistoric times
shaped the course
of our evolution.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.